Pop3 fix ssl default value (#14642)
demisto/content: Packs/MailListener_-_POP3/ReleaseNotes/1_0_5.md

#### Integrations
##### MailListener - POP3 Beta

> - SSL connection default value changed from **'True'** to **true**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the *Use SSL connection* parameter default value was not set properly.
```

> -  **Breaking changes:** Update the **Use SSL connection** parameter default value to *true*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  **Breaking changes:** Update the **Use SSL connection** parameter default value to *true*.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python:2.7.18.24019*.
```
